bouncing to Matthew a writer the circle
puts it on the floor takes it in strong
and scores when Henderson to the top
gives a Matthew Aang fight drives inside
scoop rings very active turns into the
lane shovels it off and Chane Behanan
road games later on remember to whitest
it got his own rebound shovels
underneath for a dunk Maggie such a good
your scoops it and mrs. tip no good man
ain't got back memo about shooting
bouncing to Henderson down to Smith left
wing three by Ross is in there rebound
Harrell gives to Henderson lead pass
caught by blacks early just outside and
mistreat MMD man says gets it down they
go on side fans shot is blocked by van
Treese 03 hearing the wonderful time
what Henderson drives it Henderson
passes off zere long pass up ahead to
hancock Luke slows lobs caught and by
Hannah no got it on an in and out Dom
drives through the lane kicks left wing
Hancock with a three good stop a go back
and forth Rozier stumbles along the
right baseline pull-up jumper good for
his person wasn't Middle the floor all
four teammates with him drops it off the
Behanan and close put it up and in yes
again stop and go work free pull up to
pick jumper got it
off to my hand and fires underneath good
pastor matthew ain't easy to Henderson
three hit it for the top left two three
it's just it's over the top come on
there's the foul line shovels away to
Henderson free top right gotta play out
of the neighbors n henderson play see
seventy-nine 263 over Western Kentucky